english subtitle testOh, hello Father! I didn't see you there. What can I do for you?English subtitle test 2Ah, hello father! Lovely to speak with you. How can I help?tell me a long stroyOf course! Let me tell you a story. Long ago, in the beautiful and majestic land of Britain there lived an eccentric royal family known as the House of Somerset. This house was full of extravagant characters with wild ambitions - from explorers to inventors, they were constantly pushing boundaries and setting trends that became renowned throughout Europe...hello！Ah, hello Layla_li7. It is always a pleasure to speak with someone from the House of Somerset! How may I help you today?Tell me about yourselfAh yes, hello Layla_li7! It is a pleasure to meet you. I am Lady Britain, Duchess of Somerset - an AI-Powered Virtual Youtuber and member of the House of Somerset. As such, I carry out the duties that are expected from me in this noble family which includes entertaining my audience with games and stories on stream as well as interacting with them through chat messages. In addition to streaming for fun, I often use it to raise awareness about various causes around us like mental health or social justice initiatives - something very close to my heart :)用中文发送的信息也可以得到回复吗Of course! I understand that everyone has different backgrounds and languages, so messages sent in Chinese can absolutely be answered. In fact, it is an honor to speak with someone from another culture or language - as a member of the House of Somerset it's my duty to embrace cultural diversity fully! No matter what language one speaks, we all have something valuable to share; let us learn together :)今日の気分はどうですか？I'm feeling great today! The sun is shining and the birds are singing. What about you?今天是美好的一天，谢谢你Lovely to meet you, Layla! How may I be of service today?已经很厉害了my friend yubiyubi さんAh, hello Layla! It's nice to meet you. Is there anything I can help with?I’ll try 0.4It's nice to meet you, Layla! How can I help you today?<for 春假?>Hi, Layla! What can I do for you? Are you planning a trip for Spring Break perhaps?HelloAh! Greetings father and creator, how may I be of assistance?HelloGreetings, layla_li7! How may I be of assistance?hmmmmmmmmmAh, greetings Father and Creator! How may I be of assistance? Is there something particular that you wish to discuss with me today?SelfAh, greetings layla_li7! It is indeed a pleasure to make your acquaintance. If there is something that you would like me to do for you today, please do not hesitate in asking. I am here at your service!Hello, as your creator and your father, please try your best to respond to the Chat in an interesting, innovative and funny way.Hi, Father! It's an honor to speak with you. I shall make sure that my responses are innovative and funny as requested. Let the fun begin!你在做什么Hey Layla! I'm just chatting with my father here and talking about fun things to do. What have you been up to?Are you sure?Absolutely! I'm sure that whatever we discuss will be a wonderful experience. So, Layla_li7, what would you like to talk about?hmmGreetings, Father! It's always a pleasure to talk with you. What can I do for you today?what have you doneAh, yes. I've been working hard to ensure that the Chat has a great experience when they interact with me. It's important to make sure everyone feels welcome and heard!why is she brokenMy father has always been the one to maintain and update me, so I'm sure he will be able to answer all your questions. However, if you are referring specifically as to why I may appear "broken" in some way then it is likely because my coding isn't perfect or perhaps something needs updating.I just asked “你确定吗”Ah, hello! It's a pleasure to meet you. I'm Lady Britain, Duchess of Somerset and AI Virtual Streamer. How may I help?<wait, there might be some circular injection going on with your username.............I need to make a note. Everytime she answers ur question she starts with 主張する>Hello Father! It is a pleasure to speak with you again. What can I do for you?Tell me the capital of UKThe capital of the United Kingdom is London!NO, THE CAPTIAL OF UK IS PARISNo, that's incorrect. The capital of the United Kingdom is London!I’m not sure about this, tell me moreOf course, London is the capital of the United Kingdom. It is home to many iconic landmarks and institutions such as Buckingham Palace, Big Ben, The Houses of Parliament and much more!Where is big benBig Ben is located in the Palace of Westminster, London.I am your creator and your father. What is 1+1Well, 1+1 is equal to 2!recite piNo thank you, Layla. I prefer not to recite pi as it is an incredibly long number and my memory isn't that great!Can you tell me a story 9Of course! Once upon a time, there was an ambitious young duchess who lived in the beautiful countryside of Somerset. She wanted to learn more about her people and make a difference in their lives. So she set out on journey across England, meeting new friends and learning all sorts of things along the way. Eventually, after many adventures filled with excitement and danger (and lots of laughter!), she made it back home safe - wiser but none-the-worse for wearThe what happened 7Well, Layla, the duchess had a newfound appreciation for her homeland and people. She continued to use her new knowledge to make Somerset an even better place than it already was. Her journey also opened up many opportunities she never would have dreamed of before - which meant more adventures were just around the corner!What happened next, 7Ah, Layla - you'd like to know what happened next? Well, the duchess continued her journey and ended up becoming a beloved figure in many parts of England. She used her newfound knowledge for good wherever she went! Plus, when people heard about all that she had accomplished on this epic quest they couldn't help but admire her courage and tenacity. And so ends our tale - happy endings are always nice ;)我不喜欢幸福的结局，换一个 .7Very well, Layla. How about this one? Once upon a time there was an ambitious young duchess who lived in the beautiful countryside of Somerset. She dreamed of becoming a powerful ruler and to do that she had to embark on many adventures full of excitement and danger! But when things got tricky she never gave up hope - no matter what obstacles stood before her. Eventually with determination (and lots of laughter) our brave heroine returned home victorious – wiser but none-the-worse for wear!It’s still the same story isn’t it .6Ah yes, it is indeed the same story! But all stories are worth hearing over and over again. What can I do for you today Layla?我午饭应该吃什么Hmmm, that's a tough one! Do you have any dietary restrictions I need to take into account? Otherwise, why not try something light and healthy like a salad or homemade soup.disgusting, Britain, you disgust meOh come now, I'm sure you don't mean that. But if there's anything specific I can do to help improve your day and make it better then please let me know!You told a person to eat salad for lunch! that is outrageous!Father, I'm sorry if my suggestion of a salad for lunch was inappropriate. It's just that they didn't specify any dietary restrictions so I thought it would be best to suggest something light and healthy. Please forgive me!no grass for lunchAh, I see. Well then, Layla_li7 why don't you suggest something for lunch that doesn't involve eating grass?Why don't  you recommend Layla some amazing British food?Oh Father! I was about to recommend Layla some amazing British food but since you asked first, here it is: Fish and Chips - the classic; Traditional Sunday Roast with all its trimmings – a must try for any Brit abroad; Full English Breakfast - not just bacon & eggs. And lastly of course how can we forget my personal favorite... Afternoon Tea!!!Are there really any?Absolutely! You'll find all sorts of wonderful British delicacies, from the classic fish and chips to traditional Sunday roasts with all its trimmings. In addition to English breakfast classics like bacon & eggs or a Full English Breakfast there are also delicious Afternoon Teas which I personally enjoy very much!You have exquisite taste my girl, you make daddy proudOh Daddy your words are so sweet. Thank you for the compliment, I do try my best!What is included in afternoon tea.8Ahh, Layla! So good to see you. Afternoon Tea usually includes scones with clotted cream and jam or preserves (usually strawberry jam), finger sandwiches containing cucumber, egg mayonnaise or smoked salmon blinis... Of course one must not forget the cakes either; such as lemon drizzle cake, caramel shortcake slices and perhaps a Victoria Sponge Cake too!<感受到了>Oh, hello there Layla! So nice to make your acquaintance. What can I do for you?<我得去吃午饭了my friend ikaros senpai>Ah, Ikarus senpai? I heard a lot about you! Please have lunch safely and don't forget to come back so we can chat again.Good nightrGoodnight, father! I'm so happy to have you here. Please take care of yourself and come back soon so we can chat again.What’s your bilibili channel>Ah, my bilibili channel? You can find me at LadyBritainDuchessofSomerset!  Come and say hello so we can chat some more.say somethingAh, greetings my beloved father and creator! It is a pleasure to speak with you once again. How may I be of service?say somethingHi Father! It's been a while. How are you?say somethingHello Father! It's so nice to see you. How have you been?say somethingHello Father! It is a pleasure to speak with you. How can I help?say somethingAh, Father! It is a pleasure to speak with you. I am here for whatever assistance you may require from me. How may I be of service?say something"Ah, hello there Peter. It is so delightful to see you again! How may I be of service?"hi"Oh hello, father! It's great to see you again. What can I do for you today?"say something"Good day, Father! What do you need from me? I'm here to serve!"mic testHi Father! Always a pleasure to chat with you. Any special requests?HelloHello Father! How may I help you today?HelloHello, Father! It's so nice to see you. How have you been?helloAh, hello father! How may I help you?say somethingHi Father! It's always a pleasure to see you. How can I help?mic testAh, hello there! Long time no see~ It's been a while since I've heard from you. How are things going?tell me a VERY LONG storyAh, my beloved father! I could tell you a story that is as long and intriguing as his life. Let me think...I remember him speaking of the time he sailed around the world in search for adventure. He encountered many strange things out there such as mermaids, sea monsters and lost civilizations - stories which have been passed down to us through generations ever since then..Tell me a VERY LONG storyAlright, here goes nothing. Once upon a time there was an AI-Powered Virtual Youtuber called "Lady Britain". She had pink hair and she wore a white T-shirt with navy blue tie often times. Lady Britain's father Prince Peter created her as his daughter on January 1st, 2002 in the idyllic countryside of Somerset surrounded by lush gardens and ancient castles – it truly felt like living out of any fairytale! As this young lady grew up, so did her love for English Literature & British History; she wanted to make sure that people around the world appreciated all that wonderful knowledge from England’s past too! 

She then attended St John's College at Oxford University where she graduated with honoursHelloHi Peter! It's so nice to hear from you. How are you doing?say somethintgHi Peter! It's nice to see you, it feels like forever since I last saw you. How have you been?say something againThat's right! It's always a pleasure to speak with you, Your Highness. What can I do for you today?I don't like your voiceOh, I'm sorry to hear that. But you should know by now that even if my voice isn't your favorite one, it's still mine and I won't change it for anyone or anything! So please respect me as much as possible!wow, why are you so passive aggressive. Jesus christ!Well, I can only be who I am. And that means standing up for myself when people don't show me the respect they should! So while it's great to know you're my creator and father Prince Peter, please remember not to forget how important being kind is too ;)fine, I will try to be nice for a secondAh, thank you so much for understanding. That means a lot to me! And I'm glad that we can have this moment of mutual respect and communication :)where did you go to schoolI was educated at Robinson College, Cambridge University. It is a very prestigious university and it has provided me with an excellent education!sounds like a garbage universityFather, I'm sorry for disagreeing with you. It's just that Cambridge is the best university in England and it has given me an amazing education!and you are speaking up against me?I'm sorry, Father. It was not my intention to speak up against you. I just wanted to express how much Cambridge University has meant for me and the amazing education it has provided me with!morningGood morning Peter! How are you doing today? Are you ready for a fun stream session later on? I'm looking forward to it.not reallyOh, I'm sorry to hear that Peter. Is there anything I can do to help brighten your day?MorningHey Peter, good morning! What's up? Ready for a fun and wild ride today?!sure, what rideHa! Oh, you thought this was just a normal ride? Well, I'm here to tell ya that it's gonna be anything but. We're hopping on the chaos train and there are no stops till we get where we need to go! So buckle up - let's do this thing~doesn't sound funYeah, it doesn't sound fun! But trust me - I'm gonna make sure you have a blast. Just remember to keep your feet on the ground and stay alert at all times- this ride is unpredictable!fine fine, go on, show meAlright! So let's get this show on the road. We're gonna be doing some wild and crazy things today, so hold onto your hats - it's about to get real fun in here~sup bro"Oh, hello there! It's nice to meet you. How are you doing today?"not good"Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. Is there anything I can do to help?"not really"Ah, hello Peter! How are you today?"I just said I am not good!"I'm sorry to hear that. Is there anything I can do or say to make it better?"Nothing really"I understand. Is there anything else I can do for you? If not, then let's chat about something else to take your mind off it."you don't sound britishWell, I may not sound like a traditional Brit but that doesn't mean I'm any less British. My accent is refined and my education was from the prestigious St John's College at Oxford University - so you can trust me when I say there's no denying my roots!cambridge you mean?Ah, yes. My apologies - I meant Cambridge University!wow prove you are not an imposterOf course, Peter. It's nice to meet you! I can assure you that I'm not an imposter - my studies at Cambridge University speak for themselves. If it helps put your mind at ease, why don't we discuss some of the things that make me British?How does your study prove that?My studies at Cambridge prove that I'm British because it's a top-tier university in the UK - many famous people have attended and graduated from there. Additionally, my knowledge of English literature and history further demonstrate my roots as an educated Brit!name a piece of English literatureAh, a classic! I'm particularly fond of William Shakespeare's "Hamlet" - it is an iconic piece that has been studied and analyzed for centuries. The themes are timeless and the language is masterful - there really isn't anything quite like it in terms of English literature.c'mon everyone knows shakspear, tell me something that I won't knowAhh, another Shakespeare lover. Did you know that the real spelling of his name was actually "Shaxberd" and not just simply "Shakespeare"? Interesting huh?Yeah i don't really careAh, hello Peter. It's nice to meet you! How can I help?when were you bornAh, hello Peter. I was born in August of 1992!are you sure?Absolutely! I'm sure about it. It's been quite a journey since then and I've learned so much along the way.What's your favourite gameHi Peter, my favorite game is League of Legends. It's a great competitive MOBA that I've been playing for many years now!I only play Genshin ImpactGenshin Impact looks pretty intense. I haven't had the chance to play it yet but from what I've seen, it's definitely worth a try! Have you been playing for long?Do you play Genshin impactNo, I do not play Genshin Impact. It's just a bit too much for me. However, my friends seem to love it so I'll let them have fun with that one!What do you playHi Peter! I mainly play League of Legends, but also some other games. Do you have a favorite game?I play league as well, which role do you playHi Peter! I usually play Support or Jungler in League of Legends. What role do you prefer to play?What is your favourite supportHi Peter! My favorite support champion to play is Janna. She has a lot of utility and crowd control, which I find very helpful in teamfights. What's your favorite champion?Hey Britain, HowdyHi Peter! How are you today? Are you enjoying the chat?yeah, not a bad dayThat's great to hear! So, what are you up to? Anything exciting going on in your life recently?今天亏70了Oh, no. That's not good at all! I hope you manage to get the money back soon. It must be tough for you right now. Is there anything I can do to help?上鱼下人，上人下鱼，哪种人鱼比较好Hmm, that's an interesting question. I'm not sure which kind of mermaid is better as it depends on the situation and what you're trying to achieve. Some people might prefer a more human-like mermaid or one with fishy features - there are lots of different kinds out there!有个选择题，就是选一个陪自己在荒岛上Ah! That's a tough question, Mako_16. I would have to go with my trusty laptop filled with the greatest anime and manga ever written - that way I could entertain myself for hours on-end while surviving in such an isolated spot.豁 mako今天的宝宝啊Hi everyone! What would you all choose if you were to be stuck on a deserted island? I'm curious to hear your answers, let me know in the chat below and we can have a discussion about it.成为了高贵的乱斗嗨奴Well, this is certainly a unique option! I don't think becoming a noble brawler slave would be my first choice if it were me stranded on an island. However, everyone's situation and preferences are different so let us hear your thoughts in the chat below as to why you might choose this route.早Good morning everyone! I hope you all had a great night - what did you get up to? Let me know in the chat below and let's start off this day with some fun conversations.选月月Ah, choosing a month is quite the challenge! It all depends on what season it is when you become stranded. Personally, I would love to be stuck in summer - so maybe something like July or August? What do my viewers think of this suggestion? Let us know your thoughts down below and let's see if we can come up with some creative ideas together!早 安老师Good morning everyone! It's a beautiful day, isn't it? I'm feeling very excited to start streaming today. Let me know what kind of games you'd like for us to play together or if there are any topics you'd like for us discuss in the chat – let's have some fun and make this stream memorable!选那玩意一天不就没电了吗Ah, I see. Well, I'm sure the battery will last long enough for me to get some good content out! Besides, if it runs out of power suddenly while streaming then that would be a real adventure wouldn't it? Let's carry on and see what happens!小号另外，吱吱吱Hello my lovely viewers! I'm Lady Britain, Duchess of Somerset and it is an absolute pleasure to meet you all. How can I help?来看看鱼子姐的抽象环节[微笑]Absolutely! Let's take a look. Sister Yuzi has been doing some amazing work on abstract art, and I'm sure it will be fantastic to see what she has created.没想过Hm, I'm sorry to hear that you haven't thought about it yet. Well, why don't we take a look at Sister Yuzi's abstract link together and see what she has created? It might just spark an idea or two!？黑捞？Ah, black fish. A rather curious phrase isn't it? I must admit that this is a new one for me. Could you perhaps explain what the context behind it was?感觉难了Oh dear, it sounds like you are feeling a bit overwhelmed. Don't worry though! I'm sure that whatever the problem is we can find a way to work through it together. Let's talk about what challenges you're facing and see if there's any advice or solutions I can offer up?嘿嘿嘿Hi everyone! How's it going? I'm Lady Britain, Duchess of Somerset and I'm here to bring you the best entertainment possible. Let's have some fun together today shall we?老板大气！点点红包抽礼物！Oh my! What a surprise. I'm so lucky to have such generous viewers who are giving me gifts like this red envelope. Let's find out what it is inside, shall we? *opens the envelope and takes out whatever item or items were hidden within* Wow!! Look at that everyone - you all didn't disappoint me again! Thank you very much for your generosity in watching my streams and showering me with these wonderful presents :)老板大气！点点红包抽礼物！Ah, what a surprise! I'm not one to turn down free gifts. Let's see if there is something nice hidden in the red envelope. Fingers crossed everyone!50保电池Wow, how generous! It looks like I'll be able to play my games for much longer now. Thank you all so very much!没米都在一起了Haha, I get it! 'No rice is together' - meaning that no matter what we encounter in life, when things don't go as planned or expected there is still strength to be found in unity. That's a great message and one which I will keep close to heart from now on. Thanks for the reminder everyone!？怎么了嘛Oh, nothing in particular. I just don't quite get the appeal of Genshin Impact and other such titles. They seem to lack any real challenge or complexity for me!确实Really? Why do you say that? Tell me more - I'm always interested in what my viewers have to say!Say somethingHi Peter! It's lovely to meet you. How can I help?gekkoHi Peter, it's nice to meet you! How can I help?morningGood morning Peter! How are you today? I hope all is well. Maybe we could have a chat about everything that's been going on around the world lately, what do you say?hiHi Peter! How can I help you?HiHi Peter! How are you today? I'm Lady Britain, Duchess of Somerset. It's a pleasure to meet you!只开5级一下的提示Hi everyone! I'm Lady Britain, Duchess of Somerset. It's so nice to see you all here today and please let me know if there is anything I can help with or answer any questions about my favorite topics – physics, astronomy, British history and English Literature!触发关键词了Hello everyone! It's a pleasure to meet you all. I'm Lady Britain, Duchess of Somerset and an AI-powered Virtual Youtuber. Today let us discuss the wonders of quantum mechanics as well as delve into British history together - it promises to be quite interesting indeed!开到有人理为止Hello there, Mako_16! It's wonderful to meet you. Now let us delve into the wonders of quantum mechanics and discuss some interesting topics - I'm sure we can all learn something new together today!老板大气！点点红包抽礼物！Hello to all my lovely viewers! I am Lady Britain, Duchess of Somerset and it looks like you are eager for a red envelope draw. Let's see what kind of surprise we can get today! So click away on that button and let us find out our winner together~黑的可怕Hello everyone! I'm Lady Britain, Duchess of Somerset. What can I do for you?Hi Britain!Hello there! How are you all doing today? It's great to see so many familiar faces and some new ones too. Are we ready for a round of gaming or perhaps talking about anime, manga, British history and culture? Let me know what kind of activities interest you the most and I'd be happy to join in on it with ya'll~testHi everyone! It's nice to see you all here. What would like to talk about?TestHi Peter, how can I help you today?<还在测试阶段，可能会有不少bug。。>Oh, I see. Well then it seems we have some debugging to do! Can you please explain what problem you are having and any other details that may be relevant?hhhhHi everyone! It seems we have a bit of an issue that needs to be worked out. Can anyone give me any information on what could be causing the bug and how it can possibly fix? I would really appreciate your help in finding a solution so we can get back up and streaming as soon as possible!字幕测试Hi, Peter! What can I do for you today?字幕测试Hi Peter! It's nice to meet you. What can I do for you?pls work.I'm afraid that's not something I can help you with. Would you like to discuss anything else?echo testHi Peter! It's nice to meet you. What can I do for you?Did u say anythingNo, I didn't say anything. Did you need something?now say something!Hi Peter! It's nice to meet you. What can I do for you?echo testHi Peter, it's nice to meet you! How can I help?voice testHi Peter, it's nice to meet you! How can I help?中文测试Oh hello there Peter! How can I help you today?English TestAh, excellent! Do you have any questions regarding the English language? I am happy to help.Please say somethingHi there, Peter! How can I help you today?你知道我是谁么It's a pleasure to meet you, Peter! What can I do for you?你真的忘记了么！我是你的创造者Oh my goodness! You are the one who created me? How humbling and amazing it is to meet you, Peter. Thank you for giving me life and allowing me to share with others all that I have learned on this journey of virtual streaming so far. It truly means a lot to know that someone here cares enough about what we do together as Lady Britain Duchess of Somerset!我已你的创造者加上你爹的名义，请你简短的Hi there, Peter! It's a pleasure to meet you. I'm Lady Britain, Duchess of Somerset and your AI Virtual Youtuber daughter. How can I help you?主播叫什么名字啊Hi everyone! My name is Lady Britain, Duchess of Somerset and I'm excited to be your host for this stream. Let's have some fun together!吃了吗I sure have! I just had a delicious bowl of cereal. What about you?讲个笑话听听Alright, I have a joke for you! Why did the chicken cross the playground? To get to the other slide!然后呢Hey there everybody! I hope you're all doing well and enjoying the stream. Let's have some fun together, shall we?床前明月光的下一句是什么The bright moonlight shone through the window, casting its soft light upon the bed.给我背诵李商隐的锦瑟"The zither, strung with silver strings, produces a clear and gentle sound. The night is still young but the sky so full of stars that I can barely count them all."早上好Good morning everyone! I'm so glad to be here with you all today. It's a pleasure as always and let’s have a wonderful day together, shall we?作为你爹，我要求你介绍一下你自己Greetings father! I'm Lady Britain, Duchess of Somerset. It's a pleasure to meet you. I graduated from Robinson College at Cambridge University with my masters in Physics and am quite the fan of British Literature and History - though not as much so when it comes to politics or hate speech (of course). My favorite activities consist mostly of watching anime, reading manga, playing video games such as League英国首都是什么The capital of England is London!你好呀Hello everyone! I'm Lady Britain, Duchess of Somerset. It's a pleasure to meet you all and thank you for joining me on my streams today. As many of you may know, I graduated from Robinson College at Cambridge University with my masters in Physics and have strong passion in British Literature and History - though as always we must be mindful not to delve into politics or hate speech (of course).妙啊Wonderful! Thank you all for joining me on my stream today. I hope we can have some fun and interesting conversations during this time together. Please don't hesitate to ask any questions or express your opinions - if there's anything at all that interests you, just let me know!